Bike Insurance:

Two wheeler insurance or bike insurance safeguards expenses arising from damage to your bike or scooter. 
When you ride a two wheeler, it is necessary to follow traffic rules, this includes maintaining lane discipline, 
wearing helmets, keeping a check on the speed limit and most importantly having a two wheeler insurance policy. 
Unforeseen events like road accidents, floods, cyclones, earthquakes, man-made disasters, etc. can cause significant 
damage to your vehicle and lead to hefty repair bills. With two wheeler insurance policy, you will not have to bear 
the complete cost of repair expenses due to these aforementioned events, as the insurer will provide coverage for 
such losses. Also, riding two-wheelers without third party two wheeler insurance policy is a punishable offense as 
per the Motor Vehicles Act of 1988; therefore, buy or renew bike insurance online if it's nearing expiry 2 wheeler 
insurance policy will cover your vehicle against own damages and third party liabilities. It is indeed necessary to 
have a bike insurance policy.
You can choose from comprehensive bike insurance, third-party cover and standalone own-damage cover. 
However, it is advisable to completely safeguard your vehicle by buying comprehensive two wheeler insurance. 
You can customize the comprehensive bike insurance policy by adding unique add-ons like no claim bonus protection, 
emergency roadside assistance, zero depreciation, etc to enhance your two-wheeler insurance policy. HDFC ERGO offers
two wheeler insurance for all types of two-wheelers, such as motorcycles, moped bikes/scooters, electric bikes/scooters,
and more and has a wide network of 2000+ cashless garages.

Why Do You Need Two Wheeler Insurance?

1) Mandated by Law:
    The Motor Vehicles Act, 1988, states that bike insurance is compulsory for all bike owners. 
    If you fail to comply with this requirement, it will be considered a violation of the law, 
    and you must pay fines and penalties.

2) Right Financial Decision:
    If you get insurance, you can be confident of having financial security and mental tranquillity because you are 
    acting responsibly and morally. When you purchase and renew two wheeler insurance on time, you protect yourself 
    and your two wheeler from unanticipated occurrences.

3) Covers Third Party Compensation:
    According to the law, you must pay for the loss a third party incurred if you caused the accident. 
    Having insurance for bike will help you cover any expenses resulting from property damage, accidents, or 
    fatalities. Consequently, you can give the victims prompt compensation.

4) Covers Repair Costs:
    In case you meet with an accident, you do not have to worry about unexpected additional expenditures. 
    The insurance for bike will cover the repair costs to get your two wheeler back in form.

5)Claim The Market Value:
    Purchasing comprehensive bike insurance can make you feel secure, knowing that it protects you from the 
    possibility of bike theft or loss due to fire. The key is setting the IDV in a range close to the bike's 
    estimated current market worth.

6)Compensation in Case of Disasters:
    A general misconception amongst bike owners is that you cannot file a claim if a natural calamity damages your bike. 
    However, that is not the case. When a natural or man-made disaster such as floods, tsunamis, or quakes damages the bike, your insurance policy for bike comes to your aid.


Types of Bike Insurance Plan by HDFC ERGO:

HDFC Ergo offers 4 types of two wheeler insurance like Comprehensive insurance,Third Party insurance, and Standalone own damage car, and cover for a brand new bike. You can further enhance the protection of your bike by adding add-on covers to your comprehensive bike insurance.

1) COMPREHENSIVE TWO WHEELER INSURANCE:
    Your two wheeler will be protected against theft, fire, natural or artificial disasters, 
    and more with a comprehensive bike insurance policy. Additionally, you can use the cashless repair option at network garages in India.
    It is required to have at least a third party liability two wheeler insurance policy in India, 
    as per the law (Indian Motor Vehicles Act, 1988). However, getting a comprehensive bike insurance policy is advised.
    Suitable for bike lovers seeking all-rounded protection, this plan covers:
        1)Bike Accident
        2)Accident, theft, fire etc.
        3)Personal accident cover
        4)Natural calamities
        5)Third party liability
        6)Choice of add-ons

2)THIRD PARTY COVER:
    Third party bike insurance covers you for all third party liabilities (property damage, bodily injuries, and death) 
    in any accident involving the insured' s two wheeler.
    The cap for compensation for third party property damage is ₹ 1 lakh. 
    However, a court of law determines the amount of compensation in cases of third party bodily injury/death.

    Suitable for those who use the bike infrequently, this plan covers:
        1)Personal accident cover
        2)Third-party property damage
        3)Injury to a third-party person

3)STANDALONE OWN DAMAGE COVER:
    A standalone own damage bike insurance covers any damage you cause to your two wheeler by accident. 
    It provides financial coverage against damage to your bike and not the third party involved in the collision. 
    In addition, own Damage bike insurance policy reimburses you for the costs associated with repairing 
    or replacing any parts of your two wheeler damaged in an accident.

    Suitable for those who already have a valid third party cover, this plan covers:
    1)Bike Accident
    2)Accident, theft, fire etc
    3)Natural Calamities
    4)Choice of add-ons

4) COVER FOR BRAND NEW BIKES:
    Cover for a brand new bike under two wheeler insurance policy offers one year coverage against damage to your own bike 
    along with a five year cover against damages to a third-party person/property.
    
    Suitable for bike lovers seeking all-rounded protection, this plan covers:
    1)Bike Accident
    2)Accident, theft, fire etc.
    3)Personal accident cover
    4)Natural calamities
    5)Third-party liability
    6)Choice of add-ons

Inclusion & Exclusions of Two Wheeler Insurance

What is Covered:

1)Accidents:
    Been in an accident? Keep calm, we cover damages your bike sustains in an accident.

2)Fire & Explosion:
    We won’t let a fire or an explosion burn your finances to ashes, be rest assured your bike is covered.

3)Theft:
    Your bike getting stolen could be your worst nightmare come true, but we ensure your peace of mind is not disrupted.

4)Calamities:
    Calamities can wreak havoc and your bike is not immune to them, but your finances are!

5)Personal Accident:
    Your safety is our priority, in case of injuries due to a two wheeler accident we cover your treatment charges.

6)Third Party Liability:
    Damaged a third party property or person? We cover damages to a third party property or injuries sustained by a third party person.

What is not Covered:

1)Depreciation:
    General wear and tear of spare parts or depreciation in the value of your bike or scooter is not covered under bike insurance policy.

2)Electrical & Mechanical Breakdown:
    Electrical or mechanical breakdown like engine getting seized due to driver’s negligence is not covered under bike insurance policy.

3)Illegal Driving:
    The policyholder cannot claim under a bike insurance policy if the insured vehicle meets with an accident where the rider was driving without a valid driving license or under the influence of alcohol.


HDFC ERGO Two Wheeler Insurance Add-ons:
The more comprehensive is the coverage, the more claim is that you can get. To this end, 
HDFC ERGO offers a selective range of add-ons with its comprehensive bike insurance policy. Have a look

1)Zero Depreciation:
    This add on cover is available with comprehensive bike insurance cover and it does not consider depreciation rates at the time of claim settlement. With zero depreciation add-on cover, the policyholder will get the entire claim amount for damaged part without any deduction of depreciation value.

2)No claim bonus (NCB) Protection:
    With no claim bonus protection add on cover, the NCB benefit is retained despite making claim in a policy year. With this add-on cover, you can raise two claims in a policy year without losing the accumulated NCB.

3)Emergency Assistance Cover
    With Emergency Assistance add on cover you can get support from us any time 24*7, if your two wheeler breakdown in the middle of a highway.

4)Return to Invoice:
    Return to invoice add on cover will help you get claim amount equivalent to your two wheeler's invoice value when you bought it, if the bike or scooter is stolen or it is beyond repair.

5)Engine & Gear Box Protector:
    Engine and gear box protectors add on cover will cover repair and replacement cost of engine and gearbox child parts. The coverage is offered if damage is due to water ingression, leakage of lubricating oil and damage to gear box.



Why HDFC ERGO Bike Insurance Should Be Your First Choice! :

1)Save money on Premium:
    Buying bike insurance online from HDFC ERGO gives you the option to avail different plan and discounts by which you can save on premium.

2)Doorstep repair service
    With HDFC ERGO insurance policy for bike you get doorstep repair service from our wide network of cashless garages.

3)AI enabled motor claim settlement:
    HDFC ERGO bike insurance policy offers AI tool IDEAS (Intelligent Damage detection Estimation and Assessment Solution) for claim settlements. The IDEAS supports instant damage detection and calculation of the claims estimate for the surveyors to help in motor claims settlement in real-time.

4)Emergency Roadside Assistance:
    With HDFC ERGO bike insurance policy you can opt for emergency roadside assistance add-on cover where vehicle can be repaired anytime and anywhere.

5)Bike Insurance Premium starting at just ₹538* :
    With an annual premium starting at just ₹538, you should look to buy or renew bike insurance online from HDFC ERGO.

6)Buy Policy Instantly:
    You can secure your two wheeler in just few minutes by buying bike insurance online from HDFC ERGO.


How to Choose the Right Two wheeler Insurance Online?
Here are useful tips to help you choose the right bike insurance policy as per your requirements and budget: -

1. Know your Coverage :Requirement Before looking for bike insurance plan, it is essential to make an assessment based on your requirement and budget. While buying bike insurance policy you can choose between third party cover and comprehensive cover. Depending upon the usage of your two wheeler, you should choose bike insurance plan that offers coverage as per your requirement.

2. Understand Insurance Declared Value (IDV) :   IDV is the current market value of your bike. IDV is the maximum sum insured fixed when purchasing a bike insurance policy and is the amount that insurer will pay in case of total loss or theft of two wheeler. Therefore, IDV is one of the most critical factors determining the two wheeler insurance premium.

3. Look for Add-on to Extend your Bike Insurance Cover : Look for riders that you can add to your bike insurance policy. This will make the coverage more exhaustive. You will have to pay an additional premium for bike insurance for the riders.

4. Compare Bike Insurance Online : It is wise to compare bike insurance online and check the available plans to make an informed decision. You can compare bike insurance plans online based on the coverage offered.

Bike Insurance Premium Rates
The bike insurance premium rate for comprehensive cover depends on certain external factors such as engine capacity, vehicle age, location, etc. The engine cubic capacity of the bike plays a significant role in determining bike insurance premium rates. On the other hand, IRDAI determines the price of the third-party policy, which also affects the price of a comprehensive bike insurance policy. The table below explains the third-party bike insurance premium rates in India with effect from 1st June, 2022.

Engine Capacity (in CC),Annual third party bike insurance rates,5-years third party bike insurance rates
Up to 75 cc,	        Rs 538	,   Rs 2901
75-150 cc,	            Rs 714,	    Rs 3851
150-350 cc,	            Rs 1366,	Rs 7365
Above 350 cc,	        Rs 2804,	Rs 15117


How to Compare Bike Insurance Premium?
Before buying a bike insurance policy, you should be thoroughly aware about its coverage. Apart from this, you should also know the inclusion and exclusion of the plan you are buying. Here are some ways by which you can compare two wheeler insurance plans:

1. Premium Break-up: Always ask for a premium break-up of your two wheeler insurance policy. A clear break-up will help you get clear idea for what you are paying for.

2. Own Damage Premium: Own damage bike insurance provides coverage if your bike is stolen or faces any other kind of damage due to an insurable peril. When you are checking the premium of own-damage, here are some of the things that you need to know about:

• IDV: IDV or Insured Declared Value refers to the market value of your bike. The IDV is directly proportional to the bike insurance premium, hence lower the IDV, lower will be the bike insurance premium.

• NCB: NCB or No Claim Bonus in bike insurance is the benefit given to the policyholder if they do not raise any claim in a given year. If a person has an accumulated NCB, then their bike insurance premium will be lower. However, it is important to renew your bike insurance plan within 90 days after its expiry to take advantage of NCB benefits

3. Third-party Bike Insurance Premium: Third party bike insurance provides coverage for third party liabilities. Typically, third-party bike insurance provides a financial coverage of up to Rs. 1 lakh for any damage to third party property or person. In addition, there's unlimited coverage for the death or disability of another person involved in an accident by the insured person's vehicle. This amount is decided by court.

4. Personal Accident Premium: In bike insurance, it is mandatory to have a Personal Accident Cover. This type of cover is only meant for the policyholder. So, even if you own multiple vehicles, you will still need a single Personal Accident cover.

5. Add on premium - Choose your add-on cover wisely. Buying add on cover which are not required for your two wheeler will unnecessarily increase the premium.


Factors Affecting Your Two Wheeler Insurance Premium:

1) Type of Insurance Policy:
Every insurance company offers two types of insurance policy for two wheelers. The third party cover is the bare minimum policy which is mandatory by the Indian law and covers only third party damage. The comprehensive cover policy provides all round protection and provides coverage against theft, natural and man-made mishaps, and accidents along with third party damage.Considering the benefits it offers, the premium for a comprehensive cover will be more as compared to the premium for third party cover.

2)Type and Condition of Two wheeler
Different bikes have different specifications and therefore, the cost of insuring them is also different. A bike engine’s cubic capacity is the deciding component that affects the insurance premium. Higher the cubic capacity, higher will be the insurance premium. In addition, the age of the vehicle, type of bike model and class of the vehicle, place of registration, fuel type, and the number of miles covered also affect the premium price.

3) Risk Evaluation Based on Driver’s Record
Not many people are aware but your age, gender, driving record and driving experience can also affect the insurance premium. In such instances, companies calculate the associated risk factor and accordingly charge the premium. For example, a young driver (in the early 20s) with a year of driving experience will be charged a higher premium as compared to a middle-aged, experienced bike driver.

4) Bike’s Market Value
The current price or market value of the bike also affect the insurance premium. The market value of the bike depends upon its brand and functionality. If the vehicle is old, the premium is decided based on the condition of the vehicle as well as its resale value.

5) Add-On Covers
Add-on covers can help in increasing the coverage, but the more the number of add-ons, the higher will be the premium. Therefore, choose only those covers that you deem necessary.

6) Modifications Done on Bike
Many people love adding accessories to their bikes in order to improve its aesthetics and performance. However, these modifications are usually not covered under the standard insurance policy and you might need to purchase an add-on cover for these modifications. However, adding these modifications under your insurance policy can increase the premium amount.


how to Save on Bike Insurance Premium?
In recent years the purchase of two wheeler insurance policy has shown a tremendous increase. This is due to the latest law by the government, where a person driving without a bike insurance policy can lead to heavy penalties or imprisonment. Third Party insurance premium is fixed by IRDAI which depends on CC of your bike. The premium of other insurance policy for bike depends from company to company, and the amount depends on various factors such as registration date, location, IDV etc. However, if you are still looking to save your two wheeler insurance premium, here’s how it can be done.

1.Maintain a clean driving record: Ensure that you ride safely and avoid meeting with an accident. By this you will avoid raising any claim, which can help you avail no claim bonus benefit during bike insurance renewal.

2. Opt for higher deductibles: If you pay higher amount while raising claim, you can save on premium during renewal of bike insurance.

3. Avail Add-ons: You can customise your comprehensive bike insurance policy by selecting add-ons like zero depreciation cover, no claim bonus protection, emergency roadside assistance, etc.

4. Security Device installation: Install devices like anti-theft alarm which can help reduce bike insurance premium.

5. Compare two wheeler insurance online Also Read : 5 Ways to Save On Bike Insurance


Bike Insurance Premium Calculator
One of the vital factors that help you decide the type of bike insurance policy to choose is the premium you need to shell out for it.You can look at how you can calculate your premium with a bike insurance premium calculator. A premium calculator is a simple tool that helps you to determine the exact premium you will have to pay to buy the two wheeler policy of your choice. Here is how you can calculate your bike insurance premium with a two wheeler insurance calculator:

1. Enter your vehicle’s details, like registration year, registration city, make, model, etc.

2. Select comprehensive bike insurance policy or third party bike insurance policy.

3. Select a choice of add-on like zero depreciation, no claim bonus protection, emergency roadside assistance, etc., if you opt for a comprehensive bike insurance policy.

4. Click on bike insurance price.

5. The bike insurance premium calculator will show the exact two wheeler insurance premium and help you buy the policy that fits your budget perfectly.

You can pay through a secured payment gateway and get the insurance policy for the bike instantly via WhatsApp or your registered email address.



Why Buy Two Wheeler Insurance Online?
There are numerous benefits of buying bike insurance online from HDFC ERGO website. Let us take a look at few benefits of buying comprehensive insurance policy online:

Get instant quotes - With the help of bike insurance calculators, you get instant premium quotes of your bike insurance policy. Enter your bike’s details, and the premium will be displayed, inclusive and exclusive of taxes. You can also opt for add-ons with your comprehensive insurance policy and get the updated premium instantly.

Quick issuance - You can get a bike insurance policy within few minutes if you buy online. You have to fill an online application form, provide the bike details, pay the premium online, and the policy is sent to your email id.

Minimal paperwork - Buying bike insurance online only requires a few documents. You have to upload your bike’s registration forms, details, and KYC documents when you buy the policy for the first time. After that, you can opt for bike insurance renewal or port your plan without any paperwork.

Payment reminders - After you buy a bike insurance policy online, you get regular bike insurance renewal reminders from our end to renew your coverage continuously. This ensures that you enjoy uninterrupted coverage.

Seamlessness and transparency - HDFC ERGO’s bike insurance policy buying process is seamless and transparent. You need to follow some simple steps to buy bike insurance online, and there are no hidden charges. What you see is what you pay



How to Buy/Renew Bike Insurance Online?
Buying or renewing your bike insurance policy is always advisable if your two-wheeler is in good condition and actively used on the road. You can also change your insurance company while renewing your bike insurance policy. There are two ways you can buy or renew bike insurance online.

To buy two wheeler insurance online
Step 1. Click on the bike insurance product on HDFC ERGO website and fill in the details, including your bike registration number and then click on get quote.

Step 2: Choose between comprehensive and third party liability cover.You can also edit your Insured declared value if you opt for comprehensive plan. You can choose plan from one year to three years.

Step 3: You can also add personal accident cover for passenger and paid driver. Furthermore, you can customise the policy by choosing add-on like emergency roadside assistance cover, zero depreciation, etc

Step 4: Give details about your last bike insurance policy. E.g. Previous policy type(comprehensive or third party, policy expiry date, details of your claims made, if any)

Step 5: You can now view your bike insurance premium

Pay the premium via a secured payment gateway.
The two wheeler insurance policy will be sent to your registered email address or via WhatsApp.


To renew two wheeler insurance online
If HDFC ERGO policy has expired, you can visit bike insurance renewal section. However, if expired policy doesn’t belong to HDFC ERGO, please visit bike insurance page

Step1: Visit the bike insurance section on HDFC ERGO website and select renew the policy.

Step 2: Enter details associated with your HDFC ERGO policy that you want to renew, include or exclude add-on covers, and complete the journey by paying the bike insurance premium online.

Step 3: The renewed bike insurance policy will be mailed to your registered email-id or your WhatsApp.


How to Buy/Renew Secondhand Bike Insurance Online?
Two wheelers are a prevalent mode of transportation in India as its pocket friendly and easy to commute. For those who can't afford a new bike, a second-hand bike is a good option. Secondhand bike insurance is an essential part of buying a used bike or a scooter. Unfortunately, many fail to insure their bike or transfer bike insurance. Like regular motor insurance, second-hand two-wheeler insurance protects you from damage and losses caused to a third party or yourself while riding your pre-owned bike. Before buying second-hand bike insurance, remember the following things:

• Ensure the new RC is in the new owner's name

• Check the Insured Declared Value (IDV)

• If you have an existing bike insurance policy, get the No Claim Bonus (NCB) transferred to get a discount

• Choose from several add-on covers (emergency roadside assistance, no claim bonus protection, zero depreciation cover,etc)

We offer you a comprehensive policy that meets all your concerns. In addition, the insurance plan covers for various benefits to keep your finances safe against unforeseen events relating to your two wheeler.


To buy secondhand bike insurance policy online
Step 1. Visit the HDFC ERGO website's bike insurance section, enter your secondhand bike registration number, and click on get a quote.

Step 2: Enter your secondhand bike make and model.

Step 3: Give details about your last secondhand bike insurance policy.

Step 4: Select between a third party bike insurance and a comprehensive bike insurance plan.

Step 5: You can now view your bike insurance premium.


To renew secondhand bike insurance policy from HDFC ERGO
Step1: Click on the bike insurance product on the HDFC ERGO website and select renew the policy.

Step 2: Enter details of your secondhand bike, include or exclude add-on covers, and complete the journey by paying the bike insurance premium online.

Step 3: The renewed bike insurance policy will be mailed to your registered email-id


What is NCB in Two Wheeler Insurance?
Insurance providers offer incentives to the customer for responsible driving called a No Claim Bonus (NCB). The bonus is a reduction in the bike insurance policy premium cost. Even though the bike's IDV decreases annually, the insurance price may increase due to economic inflation. This is why the policyholder would benefit much from even a minor premium cut.

The most significant advantage is that NCB enables you to obtain the same level of coverage for a significantly lesser price. It also motivates to keep the insurance from expiring between renewals.



What is IDV in Two Wheeler Insurance?
IDV , or insured declared value in an insurance policy for bike, is the maximum sum for which your motorcycle may be covered by insurance. This is the insurance payout if the two wheeler is lost or stolen without a trace. In other words, the Insured Declared Value of your bike is its current market value.

While the actual IDV of the bike is calculated using the formula published by the IRDAI, you would have the option to change the value by a 15% margin.

You would get a larger sum as compensation in the event of a total loss or theft if the insurer and the insured mutually agreed upon the higher IDV. Nevertheless, it would be best if you didn't arbitrarily raise the IDV because you would be paying a higher premium for nothing more.

On the other hand, you shouldn't reduce the IDV just to reduce the premiums. For starters, you would not receive adequate compensation for theft or total loss and would have to pay more out of pocket to obtain a replacement. Additionally, all claims will be honoured in proportion to the IDV.


Factors that Affect IDV of Your Bike:
1) Age of the bike:
    As your bike ages, its depreciation increases, so the IDV goes down. So, for older bikes, the IDV is lower than newer ones.

2)The make, model and variant:
Your bike's make, model and variant (MMV) determines its market value. Different bikes are priced differently, and when you buy 2-wheeler insurance, the make and model of the bike are required to determine the IDV. Based on the MMV, the bike's market value is determined, and then the applicable depreciation is deducted to arrive at the IDV.

3) Accessories added:
If you add accessories to your bike, which are not factory fitted, the value of such accessories will be part of your IDV calculation. In such cases, IDV would be calculated using the following formula – IDV = (market value of the bike – age-based depreciation of the bike) + (market value of the accessories – depreciation on such accessories)

4) Registration date of your bike:
As your bike ages, its depreciation increases and, so, the IDV goes down. Therefore, if the registration date of your bike is older, then the IDV will be less than the newer ones.

5) Make & model of your bike:
Your bike's make, model and variant (MMV) decide its market value. Different bikes have different prices, so when you buy two wheeler insurance, the make and model of the bike are required to determine the IDV. Based on the MMV, the bike's market value is determined, and after deducting the applicable depreciation, we get the IDV.

6) Other factors which play:
    an important role are
    • The city you registered your bike in
    • The type of fuel your bike consumes


What is Zero Depreciation in Insurance for Bike?
Depreciation is the decrease in the value of your bike brought on by normal wear and tear over time.
One of the most popular 2 wheeler insurance add -on covers is zero depreciation two wheeler insurance, sometimes called "nil depreciation." With comprehensive bike insurance or a standalone own damage two wheeler insurance policy, Zero Depreciation add -on coverage is available.
All your bike’s parts are insured at 100%, except the tyres, tubes, and batteries, which are covered at 50% depreciation.
You must add a zero depreciation add-on cover to your basic bike insurance plan to receive the total bike insurance claim settlement amount without suffering any reductions.
Who should opt for the Zero Depreciation add-on coverage?
• New motorists
• New owners of two wheelers
• People who reside in accident-prone regions
• People who own expensively equipped luxury two wheeler



How to Claim Two Wheeler Insurance?
Filing a claim for bike insurance policy just got easier with our 4 step process and a claims settlement record that will ease your claim related worries!

step 1) Get in touch with our claim team by calling on our helpline number or sending a message on WhatsApp on 8169500500. With the link provided by our agent, you can upload documents online.

step 2) You can opt for self inspection or an app enabled digital inspection by a surveyor or workshop partner.

step 3) rack of your claim status through the claim tracker.

step 4) When your claim is approved you will get the notification through the message and it will be settled through network garage.


Documents Required For Bike Insurance Claim
Here are list of documents required to make claim for two wheeler insurance under following conditions:

1) Accidental Damage:
• Proof of Two wheeler Insurance
• Copy of Bike’s RC, and original tax receipts for verification
• Police FIR report while reporting a third party death, damage and bodily injuries
• Copy of your original driving license
• Damage repair estimate.
• Payment receipts and repair bills

2)Theft Related Claim:
• Original Two wheeler Insurance Policy Documents
• Theft endorsement from the concerned Regional Transport Office
• Original RC Tax payment receipt
• Service booklets/bike keys and the warranty card
• Previous Two Wheeler Insurance Details like two wheeler insurance policy number, insurance company details and duration of the policy period
• Police FIR/ JMFC report/ Final investigation report
• An approved copy of the letter addressing the concerned RTO regarding the theft and declaring the bike as "NON-USE."

3)Damage Due to Fire:
• Original Bike Insurance Policy Documents
• Soft copy of the Registration Certificate of the bike
• Soft copy of the Driving License of the rider
• Present evidence of the incident through photographs or videos
• FIR (if required)
• Report of the fire brigade (if any)