How to Buy/Renew Bike Insurance Online?
Buying or renewing your bike insurance policy is always advisable if your two-wheeler is in good condition and actively used on the road. You can also change your insurance company while renewing your bike insurance policy. There are two ways you can buy or renew bike insurance online.

To buy two wheeler insurance online
Step 1. Click on the bike insurance product on HDFC ERGO website and fill in the details, including your bike registration number and then click on get quote.

Step 2: Choose between comprehensive and third party liability cover.You can also edit your Insured declared value if you opt for comprehensive plan. You can choose plan from one year to three years.

Step 3: You can also add personal accident cover for passenger and paid driver. Furthermore, you can customise the policy by choosing add-on like emergency roadside assistance cover, zero depreciation, etc

Step 4: Give details about your last bike insurance policy. E.g. Previous policy type(comprehensive or third party, policy expiry date, details of your claims made, if any)

Step 5: You can now view your bike insurance premium

Pay the premium via a secured payment gateway.
The two wheeler insurance policy will be sent to your registered email address or via WhatsApp.


To renew two wheeler insurance online
If HDFC ERGO policy has expired, you can visit bike insurance renewal section. However, if expired policy doesn’t belong to HDFC ERGO, please visit bike insurance page

Step1: Visit the bike insurance section on HDFC ERGO website and select renew the policy.

Step 2: Enter details associated with your HDFC ERGO policy that you want to renew, include or exclude add-on covers, and complete the journey by paying the bike insurance premium online.

Step 3: The renewed bike insurance policy will be mailed to your registered email-id or your WhatsApp.


How to Buy/Renew Secondhand Bike Insurance Online?
Two wheelers are a prevalent mode of transportation in India as its pocket friendly and easy to commute. For those who can't afford a new bike, a second-hand bike is a good option. Secondhand bike insurance is an essential part of buying a used bike or a scooter. Unfortunately, many fail to insure their bike or transfer bike insurance. Like regular motor insurance, second-hand two-wheeler insurance protects you from damage and losses caused to a third party or yourself while riding your pre-owned bike. Before buying second-hand bike insurance, remember the following things:

• Ensure the new RC is in the new owner's name

• Check the Insured Declared Value (IDV)

• If you have an existing bike insurance policy, get the No Claim Bonus (NCB) transferred to get a discount

• Choose from several add-on covers (emergency roadside assistance, no claim bonus protection, zero depreciation cover,etc)

We offer you a comprehensive policy that meets all your concerns. In addition, the insurance plan covers for various benefits to keep your finances safe against unforeseen events relating to your two wheeler.


To buy secondhand bike insurance policy online
Step 1. Visit the HDFC ERGO website's bike insurance section, enter your secondhand bike registration number, and click on get a quote.

Step 2: Enter your secondhand bike make and model.

Step 3: Give details about your last secondhand bike insurance policy.

Step 4: Select between a third party bike insurance and a comprehensive bike insurance plan.

Step 5: You can now view your bike insurance premium.


To renew secondhand bike insurance policy from HDFC ERGO
Step1: Click on the bike insurance product on the HDFC ERGO website and select renew the policy.

Step 2: Enter details of your secondhand bike, include or exclude add-on covers, and complete the journey by paying the bike insurance premium online.

Step 3: The renewed bike insurance policy will be mailed to your registered email-id
