How to Compare Bike Insurance Premium?
Before buying a bike insurance policy, you should be thoroughly aware about its coverage. Apart from this, you should also know the inclusion and exclusion of the plan you are buying. Here are some ways by which you can compare two wheeler insurance plans:

1. Premium Break-up: Always ask for a premium break-up of your two wheeler insurance policy. A clear break-up will help you get clear idea for what you are paying for.

2. Own Damage Premium: Own damage bike insurance provides coverage if your bike is stolen or faces any other kind of damage due to an insurable peril. When you are checking the premium of own-damage, here are some of the things that you need to know about:

• IDV: IDV or Insured Declared Value refers to the market value of your bike. The IDV is directly proportional to the bike insurance premium, hence lower the IDV, lower will be the bike insurance premium.

• NCB: NCB or No Claim Bonus in bike insurance is the benefit given to the policyholder if they do not raise any claim in a given year. If a person has an accumulated NCB, then their bike insurance premium will be lower. However, it is important to renew your bike insurance plan within 90 days after its expiry to take advantage of NCB benefits

3. Third-party Bike Insurance Premium: Third party bike insurance provides coverage for third party liabilities. Typically, third-party bike insurance provides a financial coverage of up to Rs. 1 lakh for any damage to third party property or person. In addition, there's unlimited coverage for the death or disability of another person involved in an accident by the insured person's vehicle. This amount is decided by court.

4. Personal Accident Premium: In bike insurance, it is mandatory to have a Personal Accident Cover. This type of cover is only meant for the policyholder. So, even if you own multiple vehicles, you will still need a single Personal Accident cover.

5. Add on premium - Choose your add-on cover wisely. Buying add on cover which are not required for your two wheeler will unnecessarily increase the premium.
