Factors Affecting Your Two Wheeler Insurance Premium:

1) Type of Insurance Policy:
Every insurance company offers two types of insurance policy for two wheelers. The third party cover is the bare minimum policy which is mandatory by the Indian law and covers only third party damage. The comprehensive cover policy provides all round protection and provides coverage against theft, natural and man-made mishaps, and accidents along with third party damage.Considering the benefits it offers, the premium for a comprehensive cover will be more as compared to the premium for third party cover.

2)Type and Condition of Two wheeler
Different bikes have different specifications and therefore, the cost of insuring them is also different. A bike engine’s cubic capacity is the deciding component that affects the insurance premium. Higher the cubic capacity, higher will be the insurance premium. In addition, the age of the vehicle, type of bike model and class of the vehicle, place of registration, fuel type, and the number of miles covered also affect the premium price.

3) Risk Evaluation Based on Driver’s Record
Not many people are aware but your age, gender, driving record and driving experience can also affect the insurance premium. In such instances, companies calculate the associated risk factor and accordingly charge the premium. For example, a young driver (in the early 20s) with a year of driving experience will be charged a higher premium as compared to a middle-aged, experienced bike driver.

4) Bike’s Market Value
The current price or market value of the bike also affect the insurance premium. The market value of the bike depends upon its brand and functionality. If the vehicle is old, the premium is decided based on the condition of the vehicle as well as its resale value.

5) Add-On Covers
Add-on covers can help in increasing the coverage, but the more the number of add-ons, the higher will be the premium. Therefore, choose only those covers that you deem necessary.

6) Modifications Done on Bike
Many people love adding accessories to their bikes in order to improve its aesthetics and performance. However, these modifications are usually not covered under the standard insurance policy and you might need to purchase an add-on cover for these modifications. However, adding these modifications under your insurance policy can increase the premium amount.
