Bike Insurance:

Two wheeler insurance or bike insurance safeguards expenses arising from damage to your bike or scooter. 
When you ride a two wheeler, it is necessary to follow traffic rules, this includes maintaining lane discipline, 
wearing helmets, keeping a check on the speed limit and most importantly having a two wheeler insurance policy. 
Unforeseen events like road accidents, floods, cyclones, earthquakes, man-made disasters, etc. can cause significant 
damage to your vehicle and lead to hefty repair bills. With two wheeler insurance policy, you will not have to bear 
the complete cost of repair expenses due to these aforementioned events, as the insurer will provide coverage for 
such losses. Also, riding two-wheelers without third party two wheeler insurance policy is a punishable offense as 
per the Motor Vehicles Act of 1988; therefore, buy or renew bike insurance online if it's nearing expiry 2 wheeler 
insurance policy will cover your vehicle against own damages and third party liabilities. It is indeed necessary to 
have a bike insurance policy.
You can choose from comprehensive bike insurance, third-party cover and standalone own-damage cover. 
However, it is advisable to completely safeguard your vehicle by buying comprehensive two wheeler insurance. 
You can customize the comprehensive bike insurance policy by adding unique add-ons like no claim bonus protection, 
emergency roadside assistance, zero depreciation, etc to enhance your two-wheeler insurance policy. HDFC ERGO offers
two wheeler insurance for all types of two-wheelers, such as motorcycles, moped bikes/scooters, electric bikes/scooters,
and more and has a wide network of 2000+ cashless garages.

Why Do You Need Two Wheeler Insurance?

1) Mandated by Law:
    The Motor Vehicles Act, 1988, states that bike insurance is compulsory for all bike owners. 
    If you fail to comply with this requirement, it will be considered a violation of the law, 
    and you must pay fines and penalties.

2) Right Financial Decision:
    If you get insurance, you can be confident of having financial security and mental tranquillity because you are 
    acting responsibly and morally. When you purchase and renew two wheeler insurance on time, you protect yourself 
    and your two wheeler from unanticipated occurrences.

3) Covers Third Party Compensation:
    According to the law, you must pay for the loss a third party incurred if you caused the accident. 
    Having insurance for bike will help you cover any expenses resulting from property damage, accidents, or 
    fatalities. Consequently, you can give the victims prompt compensation.

4) Covers Repair Costs:
    In case you meet with an accident, you do not have to worry about unexpected additional expenditures. 
    The insurance for bike will cover the repair costs to get your two wheeler back in form.

5)Claim The Market Value:
    Purchasing comprehensive bike insurance can make you feel secure, knowing that it protects you from the 
    possibility of bike theft or loss due to fire. The key is setting the IDV in a range close to the bike's 
    estimated current market worth.

6)Compensation in Case of Disasters:
    A general misconception amongst bike owners is that you cannot file a claim if a natural calamity damages your bike. 
    However, that is not the case. When a natural or man-made disaster such as floods, tsunamis, or quakes damages the bike, your insurance policy for bike comes to your aid.
