What is NCB in Two Wheeler Insurance?
Insurance providers offer incentives to the customer for responsible driving called a No Claim Bonus (NCB). The bonus is a reduction in the bike insurance policy premium cost. Even though the bike's IDV decreases annually, the insurance price may increase due to economic inflation. This is why the policyholder would benefit much from even a minor premium cut.

The most significant advantage is that NCB enables you to obtain the same level of coverage for a significantly lesser price. It also motivates to keep the insurance from expiring between renewals.



What is IDV in Two Wheeler Insurance?
IDV , or insured declared value in an insurance policy for bike, is the maximum sum for which your motorcycle may be covered by insurance. This is the insurance payout if the two wheeler is lost or stolen without a trace. In other words, the Insured Declared Value of your bike is its current market value.

While the actual IDV of the bike is calculated using the formula published by the IRDAI, you would have the option to change the value by a 15% margin.

You would get a larger sum as compensation in the event of a total loss or theft if the insurer and the insured mutually agreed upon the higher IDV. Nevertheless, it would be best if you didn't arbitrarily raise the IDV because you would be paying a higher premium for nothing more.

On the other hand, you shouldn't reduce the IDV just to reduce the premiums. For starters, you would not receive adequate compensation for theft or total loss and would have to pay more out of pocket to obtain a replacement. Additionally, all claims will be honoured in proportion to the IDV.


Factors that Affect IDV of Your Bike:
1) Age of the bike:
    As your bike ages, its depreciation increases, so the IDV goes down. So, for older bikes, the IDV is lower than newer ones.

2)The make, model and variant:
Your bike's make, model and variant (MMV) determines its market value. Different bikes are priced differently, and when you buy 2-wheeler insurance, the make and model of the bike are required to determine the IDV. Based on the MMV, the bike's market value is determined, and then the applicable depreciation is deducted to arrive at the IDV.

3) Accessories added:
If you add accessories to your bike, which are not factory fitted, the value of such accessories will be part of your IDV calculation. In such cases, IDV would be calculated using the following formula – IDV = (market value of the bike – age-based depreciation of the bike) + (market value of the accessories – depreciation on such accessories)

4) Registration date of your bike:
As your bike ages, its depreciation increases and, so, the IDV goes down. Therefore, if the registration date of your bike is older, then the IDV will be less than the newer ones.

5) Make & model of your bike:
Your bike's make, model and variant (MMV) decide its market value. Different bikes have different prices, so when you buy two wheeler insurance, the make and model of the bike are required to determine the IDV. Based on the MMV, the bike's market value is determined, and after deducting the applicable depreciation, we get the IDV.

6) Other factors which play:
    an important role are
    • The city you registered your bike in
    • The type of fuel your bike consumes

